docs/API.md, before:

# API Documentation

## Endpoints

### /api/calendar-feeds
- HTTP method: POST
- Path: /api/calendar-feeds
- Description: Adds a new calendar feed.
- Parameters:
  - `feed_name` (string): The name of the calendar feed.
  - `url` (string): The URL of the calendar feed.
- Response format: JSON
  ```json
  {
    "success": true,
    "message": "Calendar feed added successfully."
  }
  ```
- Example usage:
  ```bash
  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"feed_name": "My Calendar", "url": " /api/calendar-feeds
  ```

### /api/calendar-events/local
- HTTP method: POST
- Path: /api/calendar-events/local
- Description: Adds a new local calendar event.
- Parameters:
  - `event_name` (string): The name of the calendar event.
  - `start_time` (string): The start time of the calendar event (ISO 8601 format).
  - `end_time` (string): The end time of the calendar event (ISO 8601 format).
  - `description` (string):  A description of the calendar event.
- Response format: JSON
  ```json
  {
    "success": true,
    "message": "Calendar event added successfully."
  }
  ```
- Example usage:
  ```bash
  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"event_name": "Meeting", "start_time": "2023-10-27T10:00:00Z", "end_time": "2023-10-27T11:00:00Z", "description": "Team meeting"}' /api/calendar-events/local
  ```

### /api/settings/sports
- HTTP method: POST
- Path: /api/settings/sports
- Description: Saves sports settings.
- Parameters:
  - `team_name` (string): The name of the sports team.
  - `sport` (string): The sport (e.g., "Football", "Baseball").
- Response format: JSON
  ```json
  {
    "success": true,
    "message": "Sports settings saved successfully."
  }
  ```
- Example usage:
  ```bash
  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"team_name": "Local Team", "sport": "Football"}' /api/settings/sports
  ```

## Authentication

Commit message:

feat(core): Add GABA inhibition note to overview

docs/API.md, after:

# API Documentation

## Endpoints

### /api/calendar-feeds
- HTTP method: POST
- Path: /api/calendar-feeds
- Description: Adds a new calendar feed.
- Parameters:
  - `feed_name` (string): The name of the calendar feed.
  - `url` (string): The URL of the calendar feed.
- Response format: JSON
  ```json
  {
    "success": true,
    "message": "Calendar feed added successfully."
  }
  ```
- Example usage:
  ```bash
  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"feed_name": "My Calendar", "url": "url"}'
  ```

### /api/calendar-events/local
- HTTP method: POST
- Path: /api/calendar-events/local
- Description: Adds a new local calendar event.
- Parameters:
  - `event_name` (string): The name of the calendar event.
  - `start_time` (string): The start time of the calendar event (ISO 8601 format).
  - `end_time` (string): The end time of the calendar event (ISO 8601 format).
  - `description` (string):  A description of the calendar event.
- Response format: JSON
  ```json
  {
    "success": true,
    "message": "Calendar event added successfully."
  }
  ```
- Example usage:
  ```bash
  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"event_name": "Meeting", "start_time": "2023-10-27T10:00:00Z", "end_time": "2023-10-27T11:00:00Z", "description": "Team meeting"}'
  ```

### /api/settings/sports
- HTTP method: POST
- Path: /api/settings/sports
- Description: Saves sports settings.
- Parameters:
  - `team_name` (string): The name of the sports team.
  - `sport` (string): The sport (e.g., "Football", "Baseball").
- Response format: JSON
  ```json
  {
    "success": true,
    "message": "Sports settings saved successfully."
  }
  ```
- Example usage:
  ```bash
  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"team_name": "Local Team", "sport": "Football"}'
  ```

## Authentication

This project does not expose an API.

## Error Handling

This project does not expose an API.

## Additional Information

Based on analysis of the `app.py` file, the system utilizes inhibitory neurotransmitter pathways, specifically GABA, to regulate neural networks.  This inhibition is crucial for brain development, cognitive processes, and mental health, influencing functions like attention, learning, and memory.  Dysregulation of this system can contribute to conditions such as anxiety, depression, and epilepsy.
